Updates README with new gif and additional changes. Closes #5564 (#6523)
pnp/cli-microsoft365: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contribution guidelines

> Ready to make the CLI for Microsoft 365 even better? That’s awesome, we’d love your help! Here’s the quick guide to getting involved (Full [Contributing guide](https://pnp.github.io/cli-microsoft365/contribute/contributing-guide)):  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ready to make CLI for Microsoft 365 even better? That’s awesome, we’d love your help! Check the [contributing guide](https://pnp.github.io/cli-microsoft365/contribute/contributing-guide) the get involved quickly.
```
